This is where our read me will go! :)
Hello world!
<insert more silly coder lingo>

Overview

Code

Presentation
-> Our presentation comes straight from our code, via an ioslides presentation



Instructions/ template:
Overview
Give a short, 1-2 paragraph description of your project. Focus on (1) the code – rather than the theoretical / substantive / academic side of things; and (2) the key results.List all the software dependencies in your code, as well as version numbers, e.g.:
1. R, version 3.1 2. Python 2.7, Anaconda distribution (In your code itself, include commented commands that install required packages.) Then list all other files contained in the repo, along with a brief description of each one, e.g.:

Data
1. polity.csv: The PolityVI dataset, available
here: http://www.systemicpeace.org/inscrdata.html2. nyt.csv: Contains data from the New York Times API collected via collect-nyt.ipynb . Includes information on all articles containing the term "Programmer Cat", 1980-2010. 3. analysis-dataset.csv: The final Analysis Dataset derived from the raw data above. It includes country-year values for all UN countries 1980-2010, with observations for the following variables:
o ccode: Correlates of War numeric code for country observation
o year: Year of observation o polity: PolityVI score o nyt: Number of New York Times articles about "Programmer Cat" o 
For the section data, make sure that your files have a descriptive and intuitive name.

Code
1. 01_collect-nyt.py: Collects data from New York Times API and exports data to
the file nyt.csv 2. 02_merge-data.R: Loads, cleans, and merges the raw Polity and NYT datasets into the Analysis Dataset. 3. 03_analysis.R: Conducts descriptive analysis of the data, producing the tables and visualizations found in the Results directory.

Presentation
1. coverage-over-time.jpeg: Graphs the number of articles about each region over
time. 2. regression-table.txt: Summarizes the results of OLS regression, modelling nyt on a number of covariates.

More Information
Include any other details you think your user might need to reproduce your results. You may also include other information such as your contact information, credits, etc.
